Replacing service component with utils and misc in introduction page (#149)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneDAL/source/introduction.rst

   
   - Prediction algorithms typically work with the trained data model and with a working data set.

>  - The **Utilities**(util) component includes auxiliary functionality intended to be used for design of

Reviewer: I'd remove util, misc terms

Author: done

>  classes and implementation of methods such as memory allocators or type traits.

Reviewer 2: please align with #144 

```
auxiliary functionality, such as memory allocators or type traits, that is intended to be used for the design of classes and implementation of various methods.
```

 - The **Miscellaneous**(misc) component includes functionality intended to be used by |dal_short_name|
 algorithms and applications for algorithm customization and optimization on various stages of the

>  analytical pipeline. Examples of such algorithms includes solvers, random number generators and others.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 analytical pipeline. Examples of such algorithms include solvers and random number generators.
```
